Compose V2.0.0 (#13474)
docker/docs: compose/install.md

>     Invoke-WebRequest "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/{{site.compose_version}}/docker-compose-Windows-x86_64.exe" -UseBasicParsing -OutFile $Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\docker-compose.exe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    mkdir $Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\cli-plugins
    Invoke-WebRequest "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/v{{site.compose_version}}/docker-compose-windows-amd64.exe" -UseBasicParsing -OutFile $Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\cli-plugins\docker-compose.exe
```

    ```

> **Note**: On Windows Server 2019, you can add the Compose executable to `$Env:ProgramFiles\Docker`. Because this directory is  registered in the system `PATH`, you can run the `docker compose --version` command on the subsequent step with no additional configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: On Windows Server 2019, you can add the Compose executable to `$Env:ProgramFiles\Docker\cli-plugins`. Because this directory is used for Docker CLI plugins, you can run the `docker compose --version` command on the subsequent step with no additional configuration.
```

----

## Uninstallation

> To uninstall Docker Compose if you installed using `curl`:

Reviewer 2: Should this section only apply to Linux systems, maybe?

Author: Right, I didn't changed the existing page layout.
